Added notebook to demonstrate sparse inference acceleration on 4th Gen Xeon (#774)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/116-sparsity-optimization/README.md

> # Accelerate Inference of sparse Transformer models with OpenVINO™ and 4th Gen Intel&reg; Xeon&reg; Scalable processors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Accelerate Inference of Sparse Transformer Models with OpenVINO™ and 4th Gen Intel&reg; Xeon&reg; Scalable Processors
```

> This tutorial demonstrates how to improve performance of sparse Transformer models with [OpenVINO](https://docs.openvino.ai/) on 4th Gen Intel® Xeon® Scalable processors. It uses a pre-trained model from the [HuggingFace Transformers](https://huggingface.co/transformers/) library and shows how to convert it to the OpenVINO™ IR format and run inference of the model on the CPU using a dedicated runtime option that enables sparsity optimizations. It also demonstrates how to get more performance stacking sparsity with 8-bit quantization. To simplify the user experience, the [HuggingFace Optimum](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum) library is used to convert the model to the OpenVINO™ IR format and quantize it using [Neural Network Compression Framework](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates how to improve performance of sparse Transformer models with [OpenVINO](https://docs.openvino.ai/) on 4th Gen Intel® Xeon® Scalable processors. It uses a pre-trained model from the [Hugging Face Transformers](https://huggingface.co/transformers/) library and shows how to convert it to the OpenVINO™ IR format and run inference on a CPU using a dedicated runtime option that enables sparsity optimizations. It also demonstrates how to get more performance stacking sparsity with 8-bit quantization. To simplify the user experience, the [Hugging Face Optimum](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum) library is used to convert the model to the OpenVINO™ IR format and quantize it using [Neural Network Compression Framework](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf).
```

> >**NOTE**: This tutorial requires OpenVINO 2022.3 or newer and 4th Gen Intel&reg; Xeon&reg; Scalable processor that can be acquired on Amazon AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE**: This tutorial requires OpenVINO 2022.3 or newer and 4th Gen Intel&reg; Xeon&reg; Scalable processor that can be acquired on [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/r7iz/).
```

## Notebook Contents

The tutorial consists of the following steps:

> - Download and quantize sparse BERT model from the public using HuggingFace Optimum for OpenVINO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download and quantize sparse BERT model from the public using OpenVINO integration with Hugging Face Optimum.
```
